{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1058\deflangfe1058\deftab708{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset204 Arial;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset204 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red47\green84\blue150;\red90\green90\blue90;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}{\*\mmathPr\mnaryLim0\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s1\sb240\sl252\slmult1\cf1\f0\fs32 Eazfuscator.NET Legal Notices\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\cf0\f1\fs22\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qj Copyright \'a9 2008\endash 2020 Gapotchenko. All rights reserved.\par
Eazfuscator.NET and Eazfuscator.NET logo are trademarks of Gapotchenko, LLC. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s2\sb40\sl252\slmult1\cf1\f0\fs26 Third Party Notices\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\cf0\f1\fs22\par
\cf2\expndtw15\ul\b Jb Evain (Mono.Cecil)\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\qj\cf0\expndtw0\ulnone\b0 Copyright \'a9 2008\endash 2011 Jb Evain. All rights reserved.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qj Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the \ldblquote Software\rdblquote ), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED \ldblquote AS IS\rdblquote , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\cf2\expndtw15\ul\b Fatcow Web Hosting (Farm Fresh Icons)\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qj\cf0\expndtw0\ulnone\b0 Copyright \'a9 2009 Fatcow Web Hosting. All rights reserved.\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.fatcow.com/free-icons }}{\fldrslt{http://www.fatcow.com/free-icons\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
Licensed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License 4.0. You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
       {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode }}{\fldrslt{http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\par
\cf2\expndtw15\ul\b Marc Gravell (protobuf-net)\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qj\cf0\expndtw0\ulnone\b0 Copyright \'a9 2008 Marc Gravell. All rights reserved.\par
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the \ldblquote License\rdblquote ); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
       {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an \ldblquote AS IS\rdblquote  BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.\par
The core Protocol Buffers technology is provided courtesy of Google and released under the BSD license.\par
Copyright \'a9 2014 Google Inc. All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS \ldblquote AS IS\rdblquote  AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
Code generated by the Protocol Buffer compiler is owned by the owner of the input file used when generating it.  This code is not standalone and requires a support library to be linked with it.  This support library is itself covered by the above license.\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\cf2\expndtw15\ul\b Hipp, Wyrick, & Company, Inc. (SQLite)\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qj\cf0\expndtw0\ulnone\b0 Copyright \'a9 2015 Hipp, Wyrick, & Company, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
All of the code and documentation in SQLite has been dedicated to the public domain by the authors. All code authors, and representatives of the companies they work for, have signed affidavits dedicating their contributions to the public domain. Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or distribute the original SQLite code, either in source code form or as a compiled binary, for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial, and by any means.\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\cf2\expndtw15\ul\b Roman Ivantsov (Irony)\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qj\cf0\expndtw0\ulnone\b0 Copyright \'a9 2009\endash 2011 Roman Ivantsov. All rights reserved.\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the \ldblquote Software\rdblquote ), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED \ldblquote AS IS\rdblquote , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\cf2\expndtw15\ul\b Yusuke Kamiyamane (Fugue Icons)\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qj\cf0\expndtw0\ulnone\b0 Copyright \'a9 Yusuke Kamiyamane. All rights reserved.\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://p.yusukekamiyamane.com/ }}{\fldrslt{http://p.yusukekamiyamane.com/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
Licensed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License 3.0. You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
       {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode }}{\fldrslt{http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\par
\cf2\expndtw15\ul\b Mike Krueger, David Pierson, et al. (SharpZipLib)\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qj\cf0\expndtw0\ulnone\b0 Copyright \'a9 2014 Mike Krueger, David Pierson, et al. All rights reserved.\par
This library is released under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version, with the following exception:\par
Linking this library statically or dynamically with other modules is making a combined work based on this library. Thus, the terms and conditions of the GNU General Public License cover the whole combination.\par
As a special exception, the copyright holders of this library give you permission to link this library with independent modules to produce an executable, regardless of the license terms of these independent modules, and to copy and distribute the resulting executable under terms of your choice, provided that you also meet, for each linked independent module, the terms and conditions of the license of that module. An independent module is a module which is not derived from or based on this library. If you modify this library, you may extend this exception to your version of the library, but you are not obligated to do so. If you do not wish to do so, delete this exception statement from your version.\par
You may obtain a copy of the GNU General Public License at\par
       {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html }}{\fldrslt{http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\par
\cf2\expndtw15\ul\b Microsoft Corporation (Common Compiler Infrastructure)\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qj\cf0\expndtw0\ulnone\b0 Copyright \'a9 2009 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.\par
Microsoft Public License (Ms-PL)\par
This license governs use of the accompanying software. If you use the software, you accept this license. If you do not accept the license, do not use the software.\par
1. Definitions\par
The terms \ldblquote reproduce,\rdblquote  \ldblquote reproduction,\rdblquote  \ldblquote derivative works,\rdblquote  and \ldblquote distribution\rdblquote  have the same meaning here as under U.S. copyright law.\par
A \ldblquote contribution\rdblquote  is the original software, or any additions or changes to the software.\par
A \ldblquote contributor\rdblquote  is any person that distributes its contribution under this license.\par
\ldblquote Licensed patents\rdblquote  are a contributor's patent claims that read directly on its contribution.\par
2. Grant of Rights\par
(A) Copyright Grant- Subject to the terms of this license, including the license conditions and limitations in section 3, each contributor grants you a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free copyright license to reproduce its contribution, prepare derivative works of its contribution, and distribute its contribution or any derivative works that you create.\par
(B) Patent Grant- Subject to the terms of this license, including the license conditions and limitations in section 3, each contributor grants you a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license under its licensed patents to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and/or otherwise dispose of its contribution in the software or derivative works of the contribution in the software.\par
3. Conditions and Limitations\par
(A) No Trademark License- This license does not grant you rights to use any contributors' name, logo, or trademarks.\par
(B) If you bring a patent claim against any contributor over patents that you claim are infringed by the software, your patent license from such contributor to the software ends automatically.\par
(C) If you distribute any portion of the software, you must retain all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices that are present in the software.\par
(D) If you distribute any portion of the software in source code form, you may do so only under this license by including a complete copy of this license with your distribution. If you distribute any portion of the software in compiled or object code form, you may only do so under a license that complies with this license.\par
(E) The software is licensed \ldblquote as-is.\rdblquote  You bear the risk of using it. The contributors give no express warranties, guarantees or conditions. You may have additional consumer rights under your local laws which this license cannot change. To the extent permitted under your local laws, the contributors exclude the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\cf2\expndtw15\ul\b Microsoft Corporation (ColorCode)\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qj\cf0\expndtw0\ulnone\b0 Copyright \'a9 2014 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.\par
Licensed under Microsoft Public License (Ms-PL).\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\par
}
 